README.md, before:

# pbis-open-cookbook

This cookbook installs and configures PowerBroker Identity Services Open Edition on a Ubuntu server.

## Supported Platforms

Tested on Ubuntu 12.04. Requires a chef-vault item with `username` and `password` keys to be created if the server will join the AD domain automatically.

The credentials in the chef-vault item must have permission to join a computer in the domain, or a computer account must be pre-staged appropriately.

## Usage

### pbis-open::default

Installs and configures PBIS Open. Joins the system to the AD domain if configured to do so (see requirements above).

Single-line registry entries can be created under `node['pbis-open']['options']` and will be loaded on the next chef-client run. Multi-line entries other than `RequireMembershipOf` are not currently handled by this cookbook.

Note: PBIS Open installation requires a restart, which this cookbook does not handle.

```json
{
  "default_attributes": {
    "pbis-open": {
      "ad_domain": "corp.contoso.com",
      "options": {
        "AssumeDefaultDomain": "true",
        "RequireMembershipOf": [
          "CONTOSO\\\\Domain^Users"
        ]
      }
    }
  },
  "run_list": [
    "recipe[pbis-open]"
  ]
}
```

### pbis-open::hold_samba

When using PBIS & Samba, Samba package upgrades will break the PBIS plugin. Deploying this recipe to your Debian-based system will keep the Samba packages from automatically updating.

When security updates are released, perform the following on your node to manually upgrade Samba and re-install the PBIS plugin:

```text
sudo apt-get -y install samba
sudo /opt/pbis/bin/samba-interop-install --install
sudo service smbd restart
```

## License and Authors

* Author:: Biola University (<jared.king@biola.edu>)
* Author:: Graham Weldon (<graham.weldon@rakuten.com>)

```text
Copyright 2015, Biola University

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

updated to version 8.3, added support for centos, and added fixture cookbook.
changed url to version 8.3 and added support for centos

added fixture cookbook to create test ad

changed to nodes provisioner and added dns helper recipe to the fixture cookbook so that linux vms can find and join the test domain

bugfix in linux_ad_helper that added dns servers incorrectly

added required code to disable dhclient and networkmanager in the dns_helper fixture recipe

style fixes per rubocop and foodcritic

fixed wrong urls in attributes

Update README.md

README.md, after:

# pbis-open-cookbook

This cookbook installs and configures PowerBroker Identity Services Open Edition on a Ubuntu server.

## Supported Platforms

Tested on Ubuntu 12.04, Ubuntu 14.04, Centos 6.5, and Centos 7.2. Requires a chef-vault item with `username` and `password` keys to be created if the server will join the AD domain automatically.

The credentials in the chef-vault item must have permission to join a computer in the domain, or a computer account must be pre-staged appropriately.

## Usage

### pbis-open::default

Installs and configures PBIS Open. Joins the system to the AD domain if configured to do so (see requirements above).

Single-line registry entries can be created under `node['pbis-open']['options']` and will be loaded on the next chef-client run. Multi-line entries other than `RequireMembershipOf` are not currently handled by this cookbook.

Note: PBIS Open installation requires a restart, which this cookbook does not handle.

```json
{
  "default_attributes": {
    "pbis-open": {
      "ad_domain": "corp.contoso.com",
      "options": {
        "AssumeDefaultDomain": "true",
        "RequireMembershipOf": [
          "CONTOSO\\\\Domain^Users"
        ]
      }
    }
  },
  "run_list": [
    "recipe[pbis-open]"
  ]
}
```

### pbis-open::hold_samba

When using PBIS & Samba, Samba package upgrades will break the PBIS plugin. Deploying this recipe to your Debian-based system will keep the Samba packages from automatically updating.

When security updates are released, perform the following on your node to manually upgrade Samba and re-install the PBIS plugin:

```text
sudo apt-get -y install samba
sudo /opt/pbis/bin/samba-interop-install --install
sudo service smbd restart
```

## Note for cookbook developers
To facilitate testing, this cookbook uses the nodes provisioner and a fixture cookbook that creates a domain controller for the CONTOSO domain (contoso.local).  You will need to install the kitchen-nodes gem to converge and test in test-kitchen.  see https://github.com/mwrock/kitchen-nodes for details

## License and Authors

* Author:: Biola University (<jared.king@biola.edu>)
* Author:: Graham Weldon (<graham.weldon@rakuten.com>)

```text
Copyright 2015, Biola University

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
